It is the year 1349 DR, in
the month of Deepwinter.
You have been on the road for
nearly two months now, and
snow hangs thick on the trees as
you make your way towards the town of
Orlbar, at the foot of the Greypeak
Mountains. The Greypeaks are known
throughout Faerun for their silver and iron
mines, but it is a different type of metal that
brought you here: gold. While you were in
Neverwinter you overheard rumours of a
large horde of treasure within an abandoned
goblin keep. Even tavern rumours prove to
be fruitful sometimes, and having been
without a purpose for some months, you
departed immediately for the Grey Vale.
When you reach Orlbar, the air is brisk and
town is busy. Carts carry all manner of
goods: timber, wool bales, grain, and animals
from the surrounding country. Some of these
goods would be bound for Waterdeep or
Neverwinter, others for the nearby city of
Loudwater.
Hungry and thirsty after many days on the
road, you enter the first tavern you see, The
Woodsman’s Retreat, and satisfy your
cravings. Bread, cheese and a hot mulled
wine do the trick nicely. You then enquire
from the barkeep about accomodation. Your
bones ache and rest is essential. The
mountains can wait one or two days while
you rest and replenish your supplies in town.
The barkeep tells you that a very respectable
inn, the Silver Flask, is just nearby.
Toting your backpack, you walk down the
street to the Silver Flask and pay for a room.
The inkeep is a jolly woman who is glad to
have your business, and she lights a cosy fire
in your room. You bathe, then lie down to
rest and soon fall into a deep sleep; it’s been a
while since your travel-hardened self has had
clean sheets and a roof overhead!
You are woken later that night by noise from
the next room. You can hear a woman
openly sobbing on the other side of the wall.
The sound is gut-wrenching. Every now and
then a male voice says something, as if trying
to comfort her. You tolerate this for a while,
but eventually it becomes evident that sleep is
going to be impossible, and you walk out into
the hallway and knock on the door to the
room next to yours.
An elderly man answers. He is dressed
finely, like a member of the aristocracy, but
sports a nasty black eye and a gash across his
cheek. In the background a woman, also
richly dressed, sits on a chair by the fire, her
face buried in her hands.
“Yes? What is it?” the elderly gentleman
asks directly.
You straighten yourself up, peering into the
room.
“I was wondering what all the noise was
about,” you say, although now you don’t feel
quite so annoyed. “I could hear the crying
from next door. I was wondering,” you say
gruffly, not used to dealing with aristocrats,
“If it’s anything I can help you with?
Perhaps then we can all get some rest?”
At this the woman looks up and sees you.
You probably look a fright, after all those
weeks on the road – ungroomed, hair
dishevelled, travel-worn clothes - but you’ve
had a bath so you at least you don’t smell
bad. However, your type has an… air about
them. You’ve seen a fight or two and know
how to handle yourself in most situations.
You’re what’s known in these parts as ‘the
adventuring type.’ Such types generally
know how to get things done, things that
others might shy away from.
“Show our guest in, Elric,” the woman says
weakly, drying her tears with a silk
handkerchief. 